‘ /that for years without anyone saying they

    

Cross over and be counted?
Demos try to unsnarl vote

By Michele MacDonald
News staff writer

Alabama Democrats will wade into
uncharted legal waters when they open
hearings next week on a contest challeng-
ing the apparent victory of Attorney Gen-
eral Charles Graddick in the party’s
gubernatorial nmoff election.

The only thing party officials, lawyers
for Graddick and rival Bill Baxley seem
to agree on is:

There’s never been a case quite like this
one before, even perhaps nationally.

Lt. Gov. Baxley lost to Graddick at the
polls in the June 24 runoff for the party’s
nomination, but he’s contesting the elec-
tion. Baxley claims Republicans crossed

over and voted illegally in the Democratic
runoff.

At the heart of the i$ue is this question:
Is it legal for voters to cast ballots in one
partys primary election, then switch over
and vote in the other party’s nmoff elec-
tlon?

Alabama voters have been doing just

,ﬁ.0‘ultln’t.4 .
Vthene is no party registration in
voters are free to choose which

I ' to 'cipate in. But

      

cratic Party passed a rule in 1979 barring
people who voted in another party’s pri-
mary from voting in the Democratic run-
off. That rule never has been enforced.

A five-man subcommittee of the State
Democratic Executive Committee will
chew over those legal points — and others
— on July 14 when it begins a series of
hearings on the contest.

An eventual decision could determine

the states next governor since winning-

the Democratic nomination historically
has been tantamount to winning election.
Whoever the party determines to be the
nominee will face Republican Guy Hunt in
the November general election.

David Cromwell Johnson, Baxley’s
attorney, says he intends to prove to the
subcommittee that enough Republicans
voted “illegally” — and voted for Grad-
dick —— to swing the election.

“We will have some rather sensational
evidence," Johnson said, refusing to elabo-
rate.

In addition to the Republican crossover
issue, Johnson said he will try to convince
the subcommittee there was “rrusconduct
by Graddick because he encouraged
Republicans to vote for him even though
their voting technically would be Illegal-

. Johnson also said he will wabﬂl

- v all

Palmer Hamilton, one of a team of
lawyers working for Graddick, dismissed
the last two claims by Johnson.

There shouldn’t even be a complaint
before the party because legal guidelines
on contesting an election were not fol-
lowed by Baxley, he said.

Baxley’s complaint was not filed within
the legal time  he argued. Also, case
law indicates that potentially ineligible
voters should have been challenged as
they voted — not after the fact, Hamilton
said.

On the key issue of cmmover voting,
Hamilton said the subcommittee, if it dos
not reject the contest, must consider —
regardless of any evidence _— that the
rule banning crossover voting has not
been enforced in the past

To enforce it now would appear to be
selective enforcement, which the cams
could frown on if Graddick appealed an
unfavorable ruling from the suboomrrut
tee, Hamilton said. -

“The state party has never attempted
to enforce the rule, but now that the (ant
didate they favor has  they  

enforce it,” Hamilton said,

Party Chairman John ’
week tliattlie panel ‘

