our approach in detail. Evaluation results are presented in section 4 while the main conclusions drawn from this study and future work directions are summarized in section 5.

2.	Related Work

Many methods have been proposed in local or global thresholding. One of the earlier methods in image binarization was proposed by Otsu [7] based on the variance of pixel intensity. Bemsen [10] calculates local thresholds using neighbours. Niblack [12] uses local mean and standard deviation. Sauvola [9] presents a method specialized on document images that applies two algorithms in order to calculate a different threshold for each pixel. As far as the problem of historical documents is concerned, Leedham [8] compares some of the traditional methods on degraded document images while Gatos [13] proposes a method using a combination of existing techniques. These are also the cases of Shi [14] and Yan [15] applied to some historical documents from the US library of Congress. Leydier [16] works with colored document images and implements a serialization of the £-means algorithm. Some of the above methods, apart from the basic binarization algorithm, have also used pre-processing or post-processing filters for improving the quality of the document image [13],

In our previous work, we presented a method for cleaning and enhancing historical document images [6], Hereafter, this method will be called Iterative Global Thresholding (IGT). This method is both simple and effective. It selects a global threshold for a document image based on an iterative procedure. In each iteration, the following steps are performed:

(i)	The average pixel value is calculated.

(ii)	The average pixel value is subtracted from each

pixel of the image.

(iii)The	histogram is stretched so that the remaining pixels to be distributed in all the grey scale tones.

During the i-th iteration, document image I;(x, y) will be:

1 -Ej

where /¡.¿(x, y) is the document image resulted in from the previous iteration (I0(x, y) is the original image), 7' is the threshold calculated in the i-th iteration and E, is the minimum pixel value in the z-th repetition before the histogram stretching. After each iteration, an amount of pixels is moved from the foreground to the background. The iterations stop based on the following criterion:

|7>7U<0.001	(2)
This approach works well on historical document images given that the foreground tone is darker than the background. It takes into account that the background corresponds to the great majority of the image pixels. Moreover, the foreground (text) will be roughly of the same grey scale tone and darker than the background. As a global thresholding method has relatively low time cost and it does not require complicated calculations. More importantly, it supports applications where the noise-free image should remain in grey-scale form.

On the other hand, there are some cases of degraded document images, IGT (and most of the existing methods) are unable to handle. First, in case there are stains or scratches of similar grey scale tone with that of the foreground, it is not possible to remove it without losing useful information. Second, in case the foreground is written in more than one main tones (e.g., presence of both printed and handwritten text) it is likely the lighter tone to be significantly attenuated ' (or even be removed). Unfortunately, such cases are not uncommon in historical document images. In this paper, we show how this method can be improved by separately processing areas where noise still remains.

3.	The Proposed Approach

We propose a hybrid approach for improving the quality of historical document images, that is, a combination of global and local thresholding. First, a global thresholding approach (IGT), is applied to the document image. Then, the areas that still contain noise are detected and re-processed separately. In more detail, the proposed algorithm consists of the following steps:

(i)	Apply IGT to the document image.

(ii)	Detect the areas in which it is more likely background noise to still remain.

(iii)	Re-apply IGT to each detected area separately.

Figure 2 shows an example of the binarization of a

historical image following the proposed approach. Figure 2a, 2b, 2c, and 2d show the original grey scale image, the result of applying IGT to the whole image, the detected areas with remaining noise, and the final result after applying IGT to each detected area, respectively. Note that the document image of figure 2 is a hard case since many kinds of noise coexist in the same image (uneven illumination, stains, and page crumples). Moreover, mixed text (both printed and handwritten) as well as stamps are additional obstacles for the noise removal procedure.

By selecting only specific areas of the image for processing based on local thresholding, we avoid the cost of applying local thresholding to the entire image.
