LITERATURE AND THE ARTS.

WM. FORD, English and Foreign Bookseller, respectfully informs the lovers of Literature and the Arts ; that for the purpose of forming a similar Establishment here to that which he has for some years had in Manchester, he has removed a considerable part of his valuable and extensive Stock in Trade from Manchester to his Rooms in Lord-street Chambers, late a part of the Ilofcel, Lord-street, Liverpool, and which selection is now open for inspection.

Amongst a great variety of Books in every branch of English Literature, and in the Italian, French, German, and Spanish Languages, will be found many valuable modern Works, as Gough’s Sepulchral Monuments, Camden’s Britannia, King’s Munimenta Antiqua, Hollinshead’s, Grafton’s, Monstrelet’s, &e. Chronicles, Grose’s Works, Pennant’s Works, Pennant’s London, (imperial folio,) Lord Valentia’s Travels, (imperial 4to.) Hargreaves’ State Trials, (large paper,) several County Histories, complete sets of the Monthly and Critical Reviews and Gentleman’s Magazine, Annales du Musée, Vies et 'Œuvres des Peintres, together with valuable specimens of the favourite and interesting specimens of literary amusement in illustrated copies of various Works, viz.—Mack 1 in’s superb Bible, Bowyer’s England, Shakespeare’s Plays, Walton’s Angler, Strutt’s Dictionary of Engravings, Pilkington's Painters, &c. &c. A choice and valuable collection of English and Foreign Portraits. Topographical and Amateur Prints will be constantly kept for the purpose of affording Gentlemen opportunities of illustrating their Books, or of adding to their collections. And 5ir. F. will afford his friends every facility in his power on the most liberal terms.

A Collection or line Original Drawings and Paintings, by the most esteemed Ancient anti Modern Masters, will also be constantly kept for the inspection of Amateurs, of the Arts.

W. F. presumes, from the moderate prices which the various articles will be submitted to his friends, the liberal and fair manner in which he intends to conduct his business, to which may bo added the expence of several years devoted to the pursuit, altogether may entitle him to a share of the patronage of an enlightened public.

Every Modern Publication of merit, whether English or Foreign, may be seen as suon as published, and had upon the usual terms.	

Catalogues of his entire 	Books both here and |

at Manchester, with the prices expected to each article, may be had at his Rooms, in Lord-street.

Libraries or Parcels of Books bought; or exchanged upon the most liberal terms ; and Gentlemen's Private Collections ar- ] ranged and catalogued.
