PROGRESSIVE

WEEKLY

PUBLISHED

FRIDAY
LOCAL NEWS OP INTEREST TO ALL
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1941
THREE CENTS PER COPY
VOLUME V - NUMBER LII
Negotiations between American Federal Labor Union 21626, an affiliate of the American Federation of Labor and the Johns-Manville Corporation management headed by Charles Hite are continuing. No definite reports are forthcoming from either labor or management here, however, there have been many reports in circulation and each one is different.

Contract Expired

The contract expired last Tuesday. On Monday night, the report was. made to the members of the union of the negotiations as they were forthcoming along here. At the same time the Waukegan, 111. negotiations are being taken into consideration by the local union. The Waukegan contract expires on Saturday. There is a meeting again tonight in the Polish-Americ-an Home. President Chiesa, Secretary Patts, and Macko made the flight to Waukegan Thursday returning Monday morning.

There are reports that offers
LOCAL GIRL IN AUTO CRASH
Miss Helen Lymanski, 21, of 53 So. Ninth Avenue this town is in the Somerset Hospital with a possible fracture of the skull which she received when two automobiles were wrecked in a rear-car collision early last Thursday in Easton Turnpike at the Chimney Rock Road, crossing near Fin-derne .

It was only through the quick thinking of the driver of the car in which Miss LymansEi was riding that she was saved from a blazing inferno, when the automobile caught fire after the gas tank was torn open and sprinkled the car with gasoline. The car was destroyed by flames. The Martinsville Fire Company responded but the blaze caught such headway that there was little left of
Mayor - Council Hold Session In New Hall
Mayor and Council met at their regular meeting Tuesday evening in the new municipal building on Main Street. Due to electric fixtures not being completely connected in the meeting chamber a brief session was held in the Mayor’s office. It was a session which lasted but one hour.

Communication was received from Mrs. Eva Quigley requesting payment for use of tennis court on her property. The communication was turned over to the park committee.

B of H Requests Session

Board of Health requested a joint session with the Mayor and Council and its own body to disr-cuss pertinent matters. A date will be set soon. Also the Board of Health complained about the debris found on curbs and gutters a-long several streets and requested that the condition be remedied.
SEWAGE PLANT BEST IN VALLEY
Manville has the only plant ' the Raritan Valley area which has not brought any complaining remarks from the State Department of Health. The Department has been conducting during the past summer an extensive survey of the condition of the Raritan Fiver \Vith a view of ascertaining the progress made in the pollution control project. The survey is not completed but it has advanced sufficiently to indicate substantial improvement in some respects and certain weaknesses in others, according to Dr. J. Lynn Mahafey, Director of the department on Monday.

Other Plants Insufficient

The town of Raritan and the Boroughs of Somerville, Bound Brook and Highland Park are operating treatment plants recently found. inefficient in various respects, according to the report.

Manville plant efficiency in this area is due to the good work of

T Qn	J	/\ -C O	l\f ! ^1% a y\1
J-M AND cA. F.of L. CONTINUE TALKS
SUPT. OF SEWERS
Michael Kachorsky
