GOSSIP’S JOURNAL.
VO II- 2.
HOELSEBfBCH, AOTÉ 1830.
mm
CONDITIONS.

This paper will be published by the subscriber every full and change of the Moon,, or oftener, should occas^bn require, ou good paper, and delivered to subscribers;, at the moderate price of six and a quarter ecnts per number, payable, on delivery, to save the trouble of mistata and the un-, necessary evils attendi^ Selections.

No advertisement will be inserted until frai d for.

All communications must 'contain the writer’s name, arid if he makes any'allusion to Priests, Dedconf * Colonels, or any other pious and public characters, testimony must accompany the same.

. Every department in 1:?l> paper will be conducted with decency and in order.

kDIEBIilCH VAN TOD.
The great Dr. Mitchili commenced his eulogy on the immortl Rush in these words, “ to be born, to get married, and to die, constitute the three great actions of life;” and another celebrated writer has said, that the glory of a man consists in getting a cliitd, educating it well, and seeing it prosper in life. the opinions of these men we will say, to establish a newspaper, to begin, to go on, and to
shipping list, price current, and bank note table, with a regular account of the exports, imports, and general trade of the town, and lastly, advertisements.

Greenwich, Aug. 9, 1830. ip

i (From the Anti-Masonic Intelligencer.)

REV. MR. MANN'S RENUNCIATION.

Mr. Editor,

The subject,of Freenissonry, affecting as it does the reputation of individuals, the welfare of the churches, and the peace of community, is subject of great importance. Every mgrement in regard to it, whether on the part of its friends or its enemies, should be made with due consideration. In deciding on the merits of an institution which has a mixture of good and evil in it's composition, and against which poplar opinion has arrayed itself, and that too, with uncommon energy, we are liable to misjudge. Realizing the truth of this, I fave endeavoured for some time past to examine seriously and candidly the nature and tendency of Free masonry. The result of this examination I now communicate, under a sense of the duty I owe to my friends, to my country, and to the church the Redeemer.

I became a member of this institution
hereby declare my secession from it. The reasons which influence me to this step, are the same which have been announced by others who have taken the same course.

I have long feared that Freemasonry had a strong tendency to Deism. Even in the prescribed forms of prayer, we rarely find any recognition of the Saviour. It is not . an answer to this objection to say that his institution existed before the manifestation of Christ in human nature. It is as vain to challenge for masonry a great antiquity as it is impious to claim for it an equality in point of excellence, with Christianity itself. It does not admit of a doubt that its origin is to be placed in modern times. Although portions of the gospel a interwoven with its forms, I conceive that masonry, presents false grounds of hope leads men to depend on their own defective righteousness ;—to expect the favour pj of God without the interposition of  deemer, and even without repentance; » and thus has a most injurious influence $n their eternal interests. Under the mqtpt , favourable circumstances, which, in any ; place, have attended masonry, it ».has oc- . casioned a great waste of time and money,. . which might and ought to have been .cm- f ployed for better purposes. And farther- c more it interferes materially with domes«
