 

LITERATURE AND THE ARTS.

WM. FORD, English and‘ Foreign Bookseller, respect-

fully informs tl1e lovers of Literature and, the Arts;
that for the purpose of forming a similar Establishment here to
that which he has for some years had in Manchester, he has
removed a considerable part of his valuable and extensive
Stock in Trade from Manchester to his Rooms in. Lord-street
Chzunbers, late a part of the Hotel, Lord-street, Liverpool,
and which selection is now open for inspection.

Amongst 1!. great variety of liooks in every lJl'a11Cl’l'0f English
Literature, and in the Italian, French, German, and Spanish
Languages, will be found many valuable modern ‘Works, as
Gotlglfs Sepulchral lllonurnents, Camden’s Bri_ta.r_1nia, King’s
Munimenta. Antique, Hulli11sl1eztd’s, Graitotfs, lVIonstrelct’s,
fee. Chronicles, Grose’s Vl/orks, I’ennant’s ‘Yorke, I’ennant’s
Lomlon, (imperial i'olio,) Lord Valentiais Travelss, (imperial

Vito.) Hargreaves’ State Trials, (large paper,) several County

Histories, complete sets of the Monthly and Critical Reviews
and Gentleman’s llrlagazine, Annules du Musée, iies et
(liuvres dos Peintrcs, to§:,etl1or with vuluuhle specimens of the
litvotzrite and interesting; spt:eimens of literary amusement in
illustrated copies of various V‘v"oi-ks, viz.—Macltlin’s superb Bi- '
blc, Bowyer’s England, Shakespeare's Plays, \Vu1tou’s Angler,

Strutt’-s Dictionary of lingravings, Pilltingtorfs Painters, &c.

&c. A choice and vah::tl;le collection of lzlngli-sh and Foreign
Portraits. 'l‘opogrrtpl1ical and Amateur Prints will be con-

stxtntly ks,-pt for the purpose ofaflbrtling Gentlemen opportuni-
ties of illu:atr2_ting their Books, or of adding to their collee-
tious. Ami hit‘. F. ,will afford his i'rienu's every facility‘ in his
pznver on the most liberal terms.‘ _

A Collection of ﬁne Original Drawings'and Paintings, by
the most esteemed Ancient and I\lo(lern Masters, will also be.
eonstzmtly l.i_€pt for the inspection of Amateurs of the .".,v:1.s.

\V. F. presumes, from the xnndcrate prices which the various.
articles will be suhlnittetl to his t'rien(l<:, the liberal and fair.
manner in Wllirll he intends to wmluet his business, to which
may be added the expenrze of several years devoted to the pur-
suit, altogether may entitle him to a share  the patronage of
an enliglitcned public.

Every lllotlerzx Publication of merit, whether English or
Foreign, may be seen as soon as/puizlislxed, and l1-ad upon the
usnztl terms. ‘ mf: g '

latalogues of‘ his entire Q 5% ‘J?
at Menchester, with the price.-
hu-tl at his Rooms, in Lorri-street;

Libraries or Parcels of Books bought or exeliunged upon the
most liberal terms; and Gentle-men's 1’rn'ate Collections ar-

  

Boolcs both here and
area to each article, may be

 

E
i.

