‘ I Foreign, inay be seen as soon as/priblislxed, and l1-ad upon the

 

LITERATURE AND THE ARTS.

WM. FORD, English and Foreign Bookseller, respect-

fully informs the lovers bf Literature and, the Arts;
that for the purpose of forming a similar Establishment: here to
that which he has for some years had in l\Izmchestcr, he has
removed a considerable part of his valuable and extensive
Stock in Trade from Manchester to his Rooms in. Lord-street
Chzunbers, late a part of the Hotel, Lord-street, Liverpool,
and which selection is now open for inspection.

Amongst :1 great variety of liooks in every h1'a11ch'of' English
Literature, and in the Italian, French, Gerrnzni, and Spanish
Languages, will be found many valuable modern VVorks, as
Goilglfs Sepulchral lVIonuments, C:Ln1den’s Bri_tar_1nizt, King’s
Munimenta. Antique, Holliilslu.-ud’s, Grarton’s, lVIonstrelet’s,
fee. Clironicles, Grose’s \Vorks, I’ennant’s Works, I’ennant’s
‘London, (imperial i'olio,) Lord Va.lentia.’,s '1'rwvels, (imperial
/U30.) Hargreaves’ State Trials, (large pzxper,) several County
Histories, complete sets of the Monthly and Critical Reviews
and Gentleimnfs llrloguzine, Annules du Musée, Vius et
(liuvres dos Peintrcs, tom-‘tlu'r with valuable specimens of the
iltV_0L‘.X‘ite and iliteresting spt:cimL-ns of literary anmsemcnt in
illustmted copies of various Vv"oi-ks, viz.—M ziclclii1’s superb Bi- '
blc, Bowyer’s England, Sl1a.kespe2n'e's Plays, \Vu1ton’s Angler,
Strutt’-s Dictionary of lingravixigs, Pilkington‘s Painters, &c.
&c. A choice and valu:1l;le collection of lslngli-:~h and Foreign
Portraits. 'l‘opogrripl1ical and Amateur Prints will be con-
stuntly ks,-pt for the purpose ofaflbrding Gentlemen opportuni-
ties of illu:atr2_ti:ig their Books, or of adding to their collec-
tions. Ami i“.Ir. F. ,wi1l aﬂiird his i'rienu's every lhcility in his
pznver on the most liberal terms.‘ _

A Collection of ﬁne Original Drawin_gs'and Paintings, by
the most esteemed Ancient and illodern Masters, will also be.
constantly kept for the inspection of Axnatcurs of the .".,v:1.s.

\V. F. presumes, from the xnoderrtte prices wliich the various.
articles will be sulnnittetl to his t'riend<:, the liberal and fair.
manner in whirh he intends to conduct his business, to which
may be added the expence of several years devoted to the pur-
suit, altogether nmy entitle him to a share  the patronage of
an enliglitcned public.

Every Pvloilerzi Publication of merit, whether English or

     
 

usual terms.

Catalogues of‘ his entire or 

at Manchester, with the price;-  sred to each article, may be
he-.l at his Rooms, in Lord-street. -

' Libraries or Parcels of Books bought or excliungetl upon the 1

most liberal terms; and Gentle-n1eu’s 1’rn'ute Collections ur- 

'\ V J
-l  Books both here and

 

